apps: fluentd can now create and write to .orphaned indexes (#793)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

 - Exposed sc-log-retention's resource requests.
 - Fluentd can now properly handle and write orphaned documents to Opensearch when using the index per namespace feature.

>   The orphaned documents will be written to `.orpahaned-...` indices, which a users does not have access to read from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The orphaned documents will be written to `.orphaned-...` indices, which a user does not have access to read from.
```

### Changed

 - Exposed sc-log-retention's resource requests.

>  - Fluentd can now create an index .orphaned indexes and write to them

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Fluentd can now properly handle and write orphaned documents to Opensearch when using the index per namespace feature.

```
